README.md, before:

# @hmcts/media-viewer 
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/hmcts/media-viewer/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/hmcts/media-viewer?branch=upload-npm-in-pipeline)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/hmcts/media-viewer.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/hmcts/media-viewer)

This is an angular library that provides components to view and annotate PDF documents, as well as view images.

### Building annotation library
- npm run package
- distributable will be created under dist/media-viewer

### Running locally - dev mode
- npm run package
- npm run start:node
- npm run start:ng

### Add as a dependency in your angular app

add @hmcts/media-viewer as a dependency in package.json

```
npm install --save @hmcts/media-viewer
```

import MediaViewerModule and declare it in your NgModule imports.

```
import { MediaViewerModule } from 'media-viewer';

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    ...,
    MediaViewerModule,
  ]
})
```

import assets to your angular.json

```
{
    "glob": "**/*",
    "input": "node_modules/@hmcts/media-viewer/assets",
    "output": "/assets"
}
```

and styles

```
"styles": [
  "node_modules/@hmcts/media-viewer/assets/aui-styles.scss",
  ...
],
```

component entry point:

```
<mv-media-viewer [url]="'assets/example.pdf'"
                 [downloadFileName]="'example.pdf'"
                 [showToolbar]="true"
                 [contentType]="'pdf'">
</mv-media-viewer>  
```

#### backend setup
- the media-viewer expects calls to the backend to be proxied by the consuming application. This includes the following APIs:
  - '/documents', endpoint to be proxied to the 'document-store'
  - '/em-anno', endpoint to be proxied to the 'annotations-api', if annotations are turned on


### Toolbar

The toolbar may be toggled off by setting `showToolbase` to false. The toolbar itself is available as a module that can be included into the DOM at a different location if necessary. 

### Media Viewer Height and Width

You can set height and width of the media viewer otherwise it will be set to default settings of 100%.

```
<mv-media-viewer [url]="'assets/example.pdf'"
                 [downloadFileName]="'example.pdf'"
                 [showToolbar]="true"
                 [contentType]="'pdf'"
                 [height]="'500px'"
                 [width]="'500px'">
</mv-media-viewer>  
```

### Running development application (only for use with hmcts document store)
- set environment variable to define if app connects to localhost or aat:
  ```
  export APP_ENV=local
  ```
- start app server
  ```
  yarn install; export S2S_SECRET={{insert secret here}}; export IDAM_SECRET={{insert secret here}}; export APP_ENV=local; yarn start-dev-proxy;
  ```
- start node server
  ```
  yarn install; export S2S_SECRET={{insert secret here}}; export IDAM_SECRET={{insert secret here}}; export APP_ENV=local; yarn watch-dev-node;
  ``` 
- go to http://localhost:3000 and the viewer should load the document.

### Cucumber Tests
 ```
  npm run package, npm run e2e:cucumber
  ```
### Annotation API

To override the default Annotation API path (or URL for cross domain calls) use "annotationApiUrl" parameter

<mv-media-viewer annotationApiUrl=""http://my-gateway.com/my-context-path""  ... ></mv-media-viewer>
  
### Proxying the Annotation Api
In order to use annotations on the media viewer, you need to proxy the calls.

Example:
```
import * as proxy from "http-proxy-middleware";
```
Annotation Config:
```
const annotation = {
    endpoints: ["/em-anno"],
    target: "Enter URL",
    pathRewrite: {
        "^/em-anno": "/api"
    }
}
```
How to use the proxy:
```
this.app.use(proxy(annotation.endpoints, { target: annotation.target }));
```
### Viewer Exceptions
The Media Viewer will return load status and provide exceptions if thrown for the host application to consume.
```
    <mv-media-viewer [url]="'assets/example.pdf'"
                     [downloadFileName]="'example.pdf'"
                     [showToolbar]="true"
                     [contentType]="'pdf'"
                     (mediaLoadStatus)="onMediaLoadStatus($event)"
                     (viewerException)="onMediaLoadException($event)">
    </mv-media-viewer>  
```

When exceptions are thrown by the different Media Viewers, the exception is encapsulated in an object called `ViewerException` and passed up the chain to be used by consuming service.

The structure of the `ViewerException` exception class can be seen below:

    exceptionType: error.name,
    detail: {
      httpResponseCode: error.status,
      message: error.message
    }

The list of exceptions thrown by the Media Viewer are as follows:
- UnknownErrorException
- MissingPdfException
- InvalidPDFException
- UnexpectedResponseException
- HttpErrorResponse
- PasswordException

Commit message:

updating readme with example on how to hook into the toolbar service.

README.md, after:

# @hmcts/media-viewer 
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/hmcts/media-viewer/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/hmcts/media-viewer?branch=upload-npm-in-pipeline)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/hmcts/media-viewer.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/hmcts/media-viewer)

This is an angular library that provides components to view and annotate PDF documents, as well as view images.

### Building annotation library
- npm run package
- distributable will be created under dist/media-viewer

### Running locally - dev mode
- npm run package
- npm run start:node
- npm run start:ng

### Add as a dependency in your angular app

add @hmcts/media-viewer as a dependency in package.json

```
npm install --save @hmcts/media-viewer
```

import MediaViewerModule and declare it in your NgModule imports.

```
import { MediaViewerModule } from 'media-viewer';

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    ...,
    MediaViewerModule,
  ]
})
```

import assets to your angular.json

```
{
    "glob": "**/*",
    "input": "node_modules/@hmcts/media-viewer/assets",
    "output": "/assets"
}
```

and styles

```
"styles": [
  "node_modules/@hmcts/media-viewer/assets/aui-styles.scss",
  ...
],
```

component entry point:

```
<mv-media-viewer [url]="'assets/example.pdf'"
                 [downloadFileName]="'example.pdf'"
                 [showToolbar]="true"
                 [contentType]="'pdf'">
</mv-media-viewer>  
```

#### backend setup
- the media-viewer expects calls to the backend to be proxied by the consuming application. This includes the following APIs:
  - '/documents', endpoint to be proxied to the 'document-store'
  - '/em-anno', endpoint to be proxied to the 'annotations-api', if annotations are turned on


### Toolbar

The toolbar may be toggled off by setting `showToolbase` to false. The toolbar itself is available as a module that can be included into the DOM at a different location if necessary. 

#### Toolbar Functionality

The toolbar functionality is export so that the consuming service can set the default toolbar off and hook into the individual functions.

```
import { ToolbarEventService } from '@hmcts/media-viewer/lib/toolbar/toolbar-event.service';
```
```
constructor(private readonly toolbarButtons: ToolbarEventService) {
  }
```
```
this.toolbarButtons.rotate.next(90);
```
### Media Viewer Height and Width

You can set height and width of the media viewer otherwise it will be set to default settings of 100%.

```
<mv-media-viewer [url]="'assets/example.pdf'"
                 [downloadFileName]="'example.pdf'"
                 [showToolbar]="true"
                 [contentType]="'pdf'"
                 [height]="'500px'"
                 [width]="'500px'">
</mv-media-viewer>  
```

### Running development application (only for use with hmcts document store)
- set environment variable to define if app connects to localhost or aat:
  ```
  export APP_ENV=local
  ```
- start app server
  ```
  yarn install; export S2S_SECRET={{insert secret here}}; export IDAM_SECRET={{insert secret here}}; export APP_ENV=local; yarn start-dev-proxy;
  ```
- start node server
  ```
  yarn install; export S2S_SECRET={{insert secret here}}; export IDAM_SECRET={{insert secret here}}; export APP_ENV=local; yarn watch-dev-node;
  ``` 
- go to http://localhost:3000 and the viewer should load the document.

### Cucumber Tests
 ```
  npm run package, npm run e2e:cucumber
  ```
### Annotation API

To override the default Annotation API path (or URL for cross domain calls) use "annotationApiUrl" parameter

<mv-media-viewer annotationApiUrl=""http://my-gateway.com/my-context-path""  ... ></mv-media-viewer>
  
### Proxying the Annotation Api
In order to use annotations on the media viewer, you need to proxy the calls.

Example:
```
import * as proxy from "http-proxy-middleware";
```
Annotation Config:
```
const annotation = {
    endpoints: ["/em-anno"],
    target: "Enter URL",
    pathRewrite: {
        "^/em-anno": "/api"
    }
}
```
How to use the proxy:
```
this.app.use(proxy(annotation.endpoints, { target: annotation.target }));
```
### Viewer Exceptions
The Media Viewer will return load status and provide exceptions if thrown for the host application to consume.
```
    <mv-media-viewer [url]="'assets/example.pdf'"
                     [downloadFileName]="'example.pdf'"
                     [showToolbar]="true"
                     [contentType]="'pdf'"
                     (mediaLoadStatus)="onMediaLoadStatus($event)"
                     (viewerException)="onMediaLoadException($event)">
    </mv-media-viewer>  
```

When exceptions are thrown by the different Media Viewers, the exception is encapsulated in an object called `ViewerException` and passed up the chain to be used by consuming service.

The structure of the `ViewerException` exception class can be seen below:

    exceptionType: error.name,
    detail: {
      httpResponseCode: error.status,
      message: error.message
    }

The list of exceptions thrown by the Media Viewer are as follows:
- UnknownErrorException
- MissingPdfException
- InvalidPDFException
- UnexpectedResponseException
- HttpErrorResponse
- PasswordException
